README.md updated for V3.0.0 (#524)
FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP: README.md

## FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP Library
FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP is a lightweight TCP/IP stack for FreeRTOS. It provides a familiar Berkeley sockets interface, making it as simple to use and learn as possible. FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP's features and RAM footprint are fully scalable, making FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP equally applicable to smaller lower throughput microcontrollers as well as larger higher throughput microprocessors.

> This library has undergone static code analysis and checks for compliance with the [MISRA coding standard](https://www.misra.org.uk/).  Any deviations from the MISRA C:2012 guidelines are documented under [MISRA Deviations](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP/blob/main/MISRA.md). The library is validated for memory safety and data structure invariance through the [CBMC automated reasoning tool](https://www.cprover.org/cbmc/) for the functions that parse data originating from the network.

Reviewer: NIT:
```suggestion
This library has undergone static code analysis and checks for compliance with the [MISRA coding standard](https://www.misra.org.uk/). Any deviations from the MISRA C:2012 guidelines are documented under [MISRA Deviations](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP/blob/main/MISRA.md). The library is validated for memory safety and data structure invariance through the [CBMC automated reasoning tool](https://www.cprover.org/cbmc/) for the functions that parse data originating from the network.
```

Additionally, for FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP source code organization refer to the [Documentation](http://www.FreeRTOS.org/FreeRTOS-Plus/FreeRTOS_Plus_TCP/TCP_Networking_Tutorial.html), and [API Reference](https://freertos.org/FreeRTOS-Plus/FreeRTOS_Plus_TCP/FreeRTOS_TCP_API_Functions.html).

FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP V2.3.2-LTS-Patch-2 [source code](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP/tree/V2.3.2-LTS-Patch-2)(.c .h) is part of the [FreeRTOS 202012.04 LTS](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-LTS/tree/202012.04-LTS) release.

### Getting help
If you have any questions or need assistance troubleshooting your FreeRTOS project, we have an active community that can help on the [FreeRTOS Community Support Forum](https://forums.freertos.org). Please also refer to [FAQ](http://www.freertos.org/FAQHelp.html) for frequently asked questions.

Also see the [Submitting a bugs/feature request](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#submitting-a-bugsfeature-request) section of CONTRIBUTING.md for more details.

## Upgrading to V3.0.0 and above

> In version 3.0.0 or higher, the folder structure of FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP has changed and the files have been broken down into smaller logically separated modules. This change makes the code more modular and conducive to unit-tests. Learn more about the V3.0.0 release [here](https://freertos.org/2022/07/the-freertos-plus-tcp-library-is-now-more-robust-and-secure.html). Additionally, the source files have been moved to a `source` directory. This change requires modification of any existing project(s) to include the modified source files and directories. There are examples on how to use the new files and directory structure. For a windows simulator based example, refer to this [demo](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/tree/TCPRefactorDemo/FreeRTOS-Plus/Demo/FreeRTOS_Plus_TCP_Minimal_Windows_Simulator). For an example based on the Xilinx Zynq-7000, use the code in this [branch](https://github.com/aws/amazon-freertos/tree/TCPRefactorDemo) and follow these [instructions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/freertos/latest/userguide/getting_started_xilinx.html) to build and run the demo.

Reviewer 2: Pointing to the blog will worsen the user journey (back'n'forth from the blog README.) Instead, we can add a few lines to this section. Example:
"FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP V3.0.0 improves the robustness, security, and modularity of the library. FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP V3.0.0 adds comprehensive unit test coverage for all lines and branches of code, and has undergone penetration testing and protocol testing by AWS Security to reduce the exposure to security vulnerabilities. For context, protocol testing involves compliance and impairment checks for IPV4, TCP, UDP, DHCP, ARP and ICMP, which helps improve the robustness of FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP TCP/IP stack."

Also see the [Submitting a bugs/feature request](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#submitting-a-bugsfeature-request) section of CONTRIBUTING.md for more details.

> ## Updating to V3.0.0 and above

Reviewer: Maybe we should use upgrading?

```suggestion
## Upgrading to V3.0.0 and above
```

> In versions >= 3.0.0, the folder structure of FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP has changed and the files have been broken down into smaller logically separated modules. This change makes the code more modular and conducive to unit-tests. Additionally, the source files have been moved to a `source` directory. This change requires modification of any existing project(s) to include the modified source files and directories. There are examples on how to use the new files and directory structure. For a windows simulator based example, refer to this [demo](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/tree/TCPRefactorDemo/FreeRTOS-Plus/Demo/FreeRTOS_Plus_TCP_Minimal_Windows_Simulator). For an example based on the Xilinx Zynq-7000, use the code in this [branch](https://github.com/aws/amazon-freertos/tree/TCPRefactorDemo) and follow these [instructions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/freertos/latest/userguide/getting_started_xilinx.html) to build and run the demo.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest we add a section introducing v3.0.0.
"FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP V3.0.0 improves the robustness, security, and modularity of the library. FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP V3.0.0 adds comprehensive unit test coverage for all lines and branches of code, and has undergone penetration testing and protocol testing by AWS Security to reduce the exposure to security vulnerabilities. For context, protocol testing involves compliance and impairment checks for IPV4, TCP, UDP, DHCP, ARP and ICMP, which helps improve the robustness of FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP TCP/IP stack. The source code has also been restructured to make it more modular and extensible, and easier to add unit tests."

> In versions >= 3.0.0, the folder structure of FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP has changed and the files have been broken down into smaller logically separated modules. This change makes the code more modular and conducive to unit-tests. Additionally, the source files have been moved to a `source` directory. This change requires modification of any existing project(s) to include the modified source files and directories. There are examples on how to use the new files and directory structure. For a windows simulator based example, refer to this [demo](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/tree/TCPRefactorDemo/FreeRTOS-Plus/Demo/FreeRTOS_Plus_TCP_Minimal_Windows_Simulator). For an example based on the Xilinx Zynq-7000, use the code in this [branch](https://github.com/aws/amazon-freertos/tree/TCPRefactorDemo) and follow these [instructions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/freertos/latest/userguide/getting_started_xilinx.html) to build and run the demo.

Reviewer 2: In versions 3.0.0 or higher, the folder structure.....

Author: updated

### Generating pre V3.0.0 folder structure for backward compatibility:

> If you wish to continue using a version earlier than V3.0.0 i.e. continue with use of the older source code organization, a script is provided to generate the folder structure similar to [this](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP/tree/f118c8415b4373e3d6e6dbd2d5a116f7eaf27b63).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to continue using the older source code organization (pre V3.0.0), a script is provided to generate the folder structure similar to [this](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP/tree/f118c8415b4373e3d6e6dbd2d5a116f7eaf27b63).
```

> If you wish to continue using a version earlier than V3.0.0 i.e. continue with use of the older source code organization, a script is provided to generate the folder structure similar to [this](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP/tree/f118c8415b4373e3d6e6dbd2d5a116f7eaf27b63).

Reviewer 2: "If you wish to continue using a version earlier than V3.0.0 i.e. continue to use your existing source code organization....

Author: updated
